GESZTI GYULA PETER\
Physicist / Developer

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Contact Details\
gesztigyulapeter@gmail.com\
Mobile: +36 30 375 5210\
`https://github.com/JPGeszti`

# Personal Statement

Passionate about the intersection of physics and healthcare, I am a
physicist with a strong background in medical physics. My undergraduate
project focused on inverse optimization algorithms in radiotherapy
treatment planning, giving me practical insights into the application of
physics in healthcare. In my postgraduate project, I optimized ASL-MRI
sequences and created an efficient image processing pipeline for
clinicians.

I also have **experience in software development** using `Java` and
`Python`, combining my physics knowledge with programming skills to
create efficient solutions. Additionally, **my recent postgraduate
studies have enhanced my proficiency in machine learning methods and
artificial intelligence applications**, expanding my programming
repertoire and analytic capabilities.

# Work Experience
## MRI Physicist
Mediso Ltd. --- 2 years & 9 months



As an MRI physicist, I played a key role in the **research and
development of the MRI modality**, collaborating with a team of
engineers and physicists. Specifically, I contributed to the software
development of the nanoScan MRI and PET/MRI lineup. My responsibilities
encompassed sequence development based on user requirements, optimizing
protocols, and conducting sequence testing on the hardware.
Additionally, I participated in projects involving the development and
implementation of post-processing pipelines within the software.
Throughout these endeavours, I utilized and improved my coding skills in
`Java` and `MATLAB`, which further ignited my interest in software
development.



# Education
## Mathematics Expert in Data Analytics and Machine Learning

ELTE --- Eötvös Loránd Research University\
[Postgraduate Specialization Program]

The focus of the training is machine learning, its techniques and
solutions from the fields of statistics and deep learning, as well as
data science and big data. My thesis will be written on Natural Language
Processing Models.

## Medical Engineering & Physics MSc

KCL --- King's College London

The course I pursued was accredited by IPEM, the Institute
of Physics and Engineering in Medicine. Within this program, I
specialized in the Medical Physics stream, furthering my journey towards
becoming a skilled medical physicist.

For my thesis project, I focused on the application of ASL-MRI in the
early detection of dementia. This research was carried out in
collaboration with the Neuroradiology Department at King's College
Hospital. Throughout this project, I developed a dedicated software
pipeline using `MATLAB` for image processing and visualization.
Additionally, I utilized python tools to enhance the interactive data
visualization aspects.

## Physics BSc

ELTE --- Eötvös Loránd Research University

During my course of study, I dedicated my focus to theoretical physics
and research. As I progressed into the third semester, I expanded my
knowledge by enrolling in specialized courses in bioengineering and
biophysics. Additionally, I pursued courses in computer science, with a
particular emphasis on utilizing the `C` and `C++` programming languages
for computational physics applications.

My thesis project centered around brachytherapy treatment planning and
optimization, conducted in collaboration with the Radiotherapy
Department at the Hungarian National Institute of Oncology. This
immersive project allowed me to apply my theoretical knowledge in a
practical setting, providing a deeper understanding of the field while
solidifying my passion for medical physics.

## International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
Tóth Árpád Secondary School

I took `Chemistry`, `Biology` and `English Literature` as higher level
subjects; and `History`, `Mathematics` and `Hungarian Literature` as
standard level subjects.
# Academic Experience

## Postgraduate Project

Neuroradiology Department of King's College Hospital

The main aim of the project was the development of an optimized and
quantitative ASL-MRI data acquisition and analysis protocol for dementia
patients in the Neuroradiology Department of King's College Hospital. In
order to achieve this, I developed a `MATLAB` based code, implementing
common tools used in the processing and analyses of images acquired with
the use of ASL-MRI on test subjects. Further tools for image
segmentation were also explored and applied based on pre-existing
atlases. For effective data visualization, an additional python
application was implemented. The project was carried out in the
Neuroradiology Department of King's College Hospital.

Academic Supervisor: Enrico De Vita\
Clinical Supervisor: Marco Borri

## Undergraduate Project

Hungarian National Institute of Oncology

In this project conducted at the Hungarian National Institute of
Oncology, my main focus was to compare and retrospectively analyze two
optimization algorithms used in high-dose rate brachytherapy treatment.
The project involved working with a well-established dataset of
optimized patient data and utilizing the new algorithm to optimize this
dataset further. To compare the performance of the algorithms, I
conducted a comprehensive statistical evaluation using StatSoft's
STATISTICA 12 software. This immersive project provided a unique
opportunity to delve into the intricacies of radiation therapy
optimization and its impact on patient outcomes.

Supervisor: Georgina Fröhlich

# Skills & Expertise

|  Skills & Expertise 	|   	|
|---	|---	|
|   Spoken Languages	|   **Hungarian** (Native Proficiency)<br>**English**	(Full Professional Proficiency)<br>**Spanish** (Elemenetary Proficiency) |
|   Programming Languages	|   Java (Seniority: Middle) --- Python (NumPy, Pandas)<br>	MATLAB --- C --- C++ --- R --- SQL|
| Software Experience| **Tools for Programming**<br>Git --- GitHub --- Jupyter Notebook --- VS Code<br>**Statistical Analytic Tools**<br>SPSS --- STATISTICA 12 --- Microsoft Excel<br>**Project Management Tools**<br>Jira --- Confluence --- Notion<br>**Adobe Creative Tools**<br>Photoshop --- Dreamweaver --- Premiere Pro|
